so episode 4 of kono naka de hitori in
moto guy or my sisters among them um
pretty much continuing off from last
time the whole show goes like Miyabi
you're my sister and she freaks the fuck
out and kicks him up so later like
during this episode we just figure out
we figure out a few things cuz one okay
well Miyabi was still mad at him for a
bit but then he gets a phone call from
the mystery X chick or kazoo or whatever
the hell her name was again and she uses
these like phones to tell him about like
voice masking and then she uses one that
freaks him out cuz he's like oh shit you
sounded like my sister whatever and then
she tells him like yeah there's a phone
that masks to your voice so if you see
someone with this phone this pink phone
or whatever then they're probably your
sister like faking you out on the phone
or some shit and he's like oh shit like
oh no a girl she had that she had that
from the start so he freaks out and now
he's like I gotta go get her so I think
he tries to contact her but she contacts
him through the phone is like I'm sorry
or some shit and disappears so he's like
everyone could you like help me find her
and he even asks me I'll be in my Abhi's
a little reluctant at first but then
she's like okay whatever so then they go
to find Kanoa and he's like where the
fuck could I find her and he figures out
during the phone call with her he heard
bells so he's like she's probably at the
at the park where she hangs out and eats
like cream puffs or whatever so he went
to meet her and then once he met her he
like tells her like what the fuck's
going on you have the phone blah blah
blah and she tells him like yeah I've
been using the phone I've been faking to
be your sister and yeah I've been
calling you and using the identity like
hiding thing or whatever she tells him
like I guess her dad was also in a
company and that's how she got the phone
or some shit and the son like history so
apparently um Shogo and Canole were
actually childhood friends there
dad's were friends so they hung out and
that she she was she pretty much was the
reason or I think maybe because I guess
it's not 100% but he probably got the
scar because of her cuz in the past like
history I guess when she got hit by the
car almost got hit by the truck before
that was just history repeating itself
cuz like previously when they were
little she almost got hit by this car
who I'm just gonna joke is probably like
the dad of the angry truck driver or
whatever but he drove this car really
angered Lee towards her and they were
like oh shit and she'll go managed to
push her out of the way because well
Shogo I guess has that power even at
youth and then he hit his head and then
I guess he has that scar now which is
still a little odd for me because I
thought maybe he had something sharp if
he hit the flat concrete I guess it gave
him like a slash scar like a Harry
Potter mark or some shit um anyway after
that that gets cleared up miyabi shows
up she's a little pissed still then
she's like oh well since everything got
cleared up and now me and she'll go
could get married and they're like what
and she's like yeah because me and
she'll go are childhood friends and we
had a pretend wedding back in the
hospital when he'd go a lot and stuff
and they're like whoa whoa what the fuck
whoa what the hell is happening
and pretty much it all comes down to I
guess she'll go after a scar has memory
loss so he can't remember certain things
or certain events that occurred so he
just forgot about canola and he forgot
about me ah bee and yeah that pretty
much sums up what got clarified or what
happened in this episode um other than
that like to clear out more stuff
canoing you about his birthday and his
address cuz she read the papers on the
teacher's desk in her office and miyabi
had the little toy like shampoo bottle
thing because they bought it at the like
hospital store so I'm sure when they
were little and she's kept the bottle
ever since so other than that
pretty much
that sums up most of the episode um I'm
kind of hoping like later he asks I'm
also like if they were at his dad's
funeral
and both of them have excuses or say
shit like cannoli says she was taking
the tests that their parents kind of
like drifted apart so she wasn't invited
or some shit and Miyabi explains that
like her dad went to the hospital but
they knew his parents or his dad but
they didn't grow into friends or
anything nothing like important so she
didn't even know the day of his funeral
so that's their excuses so it's like oh
well whatever shit but other than that
like I guess another idea is that Shogo
might have met more people or maybe he's
just forgetting a lot of shit either
that or he's being bullshit into his
face directly like they're just talking
complete lies through their teeth and
shit but whatever that's how it freakin
goes in animes um other than that yeah
the episode was I guess it clarified
some stuff it opens up options because
the way it was going it looked like it
was just gonna completely kill the story
right away and the other girls wouldn't
get any chances so then it was gonna
kill the point of a harem it was pretty
much was gonna be like instead of all
five girls going after him it was only
gonna be two but um at least they fixed
that and now the story can continue so
yeah
so as usual if you like the video like
it if you want more subscribe and hope
to see you later